Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
NSI – Technology of Nepal
 Technology of 
Nano Saitama Inu
Security Audit Report
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
NSI – Technology of Nepal
Disclaimer
This is a limited report on our findings based on our analysis, in accordance with good industry practice as 
at the date of this report, in relation to cybersecurity vulnerabilities and issues in the smart contract
source code analysed, the details of which are set out in this report, (Source Code); and the Source Code
compiling, deploying and performing the intended functions. In order to get a fullview of our findings and
the scope of our analysis, it is crucial foryou to read the full report.
While we have done our best in conducting our analysis and producing this report, it is important to note
that you should not rely on this report and cannot claim against us on the basis ofwhat it says or doesn’t
say, or howwe produced it, and it is important foryou to conduct your own independent investigations
before making anydecisions. We go into more detail on this in the disclaimer below please make sure to
read it in full.
DISCLAIMER: By reading this report or any part of it, you agree to the terms of this disclaimer. If you do not
agree to the terms, then please immediately cease reading this report, and delete and destroy any and all
copies of this report downloaded and/or printed byyou. This report is provided for information purposes
only and on a non-reliance basis, and does not constitute investment advice. No one shall have any right to
rely on the report or its contents, andTechnology of Nepal and its affiliates (including holding companies, 
shareholders, subsidiaries, employees, directors, officers and other representatives) owe no duty of care
towards you or any other person, nor does Technology of Nepal make any warranty or representation to 
any person on the accuracy or completeness of the report. The report is provided "as is", without any
conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind except as set out in this disclaimer, and Technology of 
Nepal hereby excludes all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms (including, without
limitation, the warranties implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable 
care and skill) which, but for this clause, might have effect in relation to the report. Except and only to the
extent that it is prohibited by law, Technology of Nepal hereby excludes all liability and responsibility, and
neither you nor any other person shall have any claim against Technology of Nepal, for any amount or kind
of loss or damage that may result to you or any other person (including without limitation, any direct,
indirect, special, punitive, consequential or pure economic loss or damages, or any loss of income, profits,
goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or business interruption, andwhether in delict, tort (including
without limitation negligence), contract, breach of statutoryduty, misrepresentation (whether innocent or 
negligent) or otherwise under any claim of any nature whatsoever in any jurisdiction) in any way arising 
from or connected with this report and the use, inability to use or the results of use of this report, and any
reliance on this report.
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
NSI – Technology of Nepal
Introduction
Technology ofNepalwas commissioned byNano Saitama Inu to conduct a smart contract audit. The 
audit was performed between 06 Nov 2021 and 10 Nov 2021, consuming a total of 4 resource days.
Summary
This report has been prepared for Nano Saitama Inu smart contracts, to discover issues and vulnerabilities
in the source code of their Smart Contract as well as any contract dependencies that were not part of an
officially recognized library. Acomprehensive examination has been performed, utilizing
DynamicAnalysis, StaticAnalysis, and Manual Reviewtechniques.
The auditing process pays special attention to the following considerations
● Testing the smart contracts against both common and uncommon attack vectors.
● Assessing the codebase to ensure compliance with current best practices and industry
standards.
● Ensuring contract logic meets the specifications and intentions of the client.
● Cross referencing contract structure and implementation against similar smart contracts
produced by industry leaders.
● Thorough line-by-line manual review of the entire codebase by industry experts.
The security assessment resulted in findings that ranged from critical to informational. We recommend
addressing these findings to ensure a high level of security standards and industry practices. We suggest
recommendations that could better serve the project from the security perspective:
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
NSI – Technology of Nepal
Overview
 Project Summary
 Project Summary Nano Saitaman Inu
 Website https://nanosaitamainu.finance/
 Description Nano Saitama Inu is static Reflection Auto-Generating Liquidity 
 Protocol
 Contract Address 0xa74a3cb7DB83bF38ecDcf1aB4A4Db52de2947614
 Platform Binance Smart Chain
 Language Solidity
 Codebase https://github.com/AlexBernard25/nanosaitamainu
Commits bEaEb94EAF5B08BF5829aEC5De43F02177EFb845
Audit Summary
Delivery Date
Audit Methodology
Key Component
Date 14. Nov 2021
Static Analysis, Manual review
NanoSaitamaInuFinance.sol
Vulnerability Summary
This report is organized into the following sections.
1. Executive Summary
2. Audit Details
3. Contract Functions
4. Details Finding
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
The information in this report should be used to better understand the risk exposure of the smart
contracts, and as a guide to improving the security posture of the smart contracts by remediating issues
identified. The results of this audit are only a reflection of the source code reviewed at the time of the
audit and of the source code that was determined to be in-scope.
The purpose of this audit was to achieve the following:
● Identify potential security flaws
● Ensure that the smart contracts functioned according to the documentation provided
Assessing the off-chain functionality associated with the contracts, for example, backend web application
code, was out of scope of this audit. Due to the unregulated nature and ease of transfer of cryptocurrencies, 
operations that store or interact with these assets are considered very high risk with regards to cyberattacks. As such, the highest level of securityshould be observedwhen interactingwith these assets. This
requires a forward-thinking approach, which takes into account the newand experimental nature of
blockchain technologies. Strategies that should be used to encourage secure code development include:
● Security should be integrated into the development lifecycle and the level of perceived
security should not be limited to a single code audit.
● Defensive programming should be employed to account for unforeseen circumstances.
● Current best practices should be followed where possible
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
Nano Saitama Inu Distribution Count by Event
Nano Saitama Inu Distribution Count By Volume
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
S.N Issue description Status
1 Compiler warnings. ✔
2 Race conditions and Reentrancy. Cross-function race conditions. ✔
3 Possible delays in data delivery. ✔
4 Oracle calls. ✔
5 Front running. ✔
6 Timestamp dependence. ✔
7 Integer Overflow and Underflow. ✔
8 DoS with Revert ✔
9 DoS with block gas limit. ✔
10 Methods execution permissions. ✔
11 Economy model. If application logic is based on an incorrect economic model, 
the application would not function correctly and participants would incur
financial losses. This type of issue is most often found in bonus rewards 
systems, Staking and Farming contracts, Vault and Vesting contracts, etc.
✔
12 The impact of the exchange rate on the logic. ✔
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
includeAccount()
13 Private user data leaks. ✔
14 Malicious Event log. ✔
15 Scoping and Declarations ✔
16 Uninitialized storage pointers. ✔
17 Arithmetic accuracy. ✔
18 Design Logic. ✔
19 Cross-function race conditions ✔
20 Safe Zeppelin module. ✔
21 Fallback function security. ✔
Executive Summary
This report presents the findings of an audit performed by
Technology ofNepal onNano Saitama Inu.
Security issues
High Severity issue
- No high severity issues found
Medium Severity issues
- No medium severity issues found
Low Severity Issues
- Out of gas Issue:
The function uses the loop to find and remove addresses from the
_excluded list. Functionwill be abortedwithOUT_OF_GAS exception if therewill be a long 
excluded addresses list.
The function _getCurrentSupply also uses the loop for evaluating total supply. It also could be
abortedwithOUT_OF_GAS exception if therewill be a long-excluded addresses list.
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
Recommendations
Use EnumerableSet instead of array or do not use long arrays
Privileged Functions
The contract contains the following privileged functions that are restricted by the onlyOwner modifier.
They are used to modify the contract configurations and address attributes. We grouped these functions
below:
Account management functions for inclusion and exclusion in the fee and reward system: 
excludeFromReward(address account)
excludeFromFee(address account)
Modification of liquidation, tax and max transaction percent of the system
function setTaxFeePercent(uint taxFee)
function setLiquidityFeePercent(uint liquidityFee)
function setMaxTxPercent(uint maxTxPercent) function
setSwapAndLiquifyEnabled(bool _enabled)
Here is a list of the transactions associatedwith the locked LPs:
 
https://dxsale.app/app/v3/dxlplocksearch?id=1&add=0xa74a3cb7DB83bF38ecDcf1aB4A4Db52de2947614&
type=lplock0&chain=BSC
includeInReward(address account)
includeInFee(address account)
Nano Saitama Inu Smart Contract Security Audit
Conclusion
Smart contracts do not contain any high severity issues!
Technology ofNepal note:
Please check the disclaimer above and note, the audit makes no statements or
warranties on business model, investment attractiveness or code sustainability. 
The report is provided for the only contract mentioned in the report and does
not include any other potential contracts deployed by Owner.
